## My name is Kaden Woodward
#### and welcome to my first blog!

Disclaimer*
Speaking in third person sometimes allows me to view myself in a different light so for posts about myself I will be speaking in third person mostly

Kaden has been through a lot in the past few years getting through college and life itself, but that makes it all the better for him to succeed and reach the goals he set for himself. From struggling to buy textbooks to eating sleep for dinner no challenge has went unmatched.
When faced with the challenge of not being able to find employment Kaden set out to employ himself and start his own business which eventually became **Diamond Details, LLC**, which is a mobile auto detailing business. 
Kaden let his hard work define himself through many years of hard manual labor jobs, which led him to establish himself as one of the best detailers around within a year! As always success comes with more challenges and those challenges presented themselves mostly as school course load and work mixing problems.
Fast forward to today and Kaden has successfully ran his own business for a year, began wokring part time with **Elevated Wealth Group** as a Financial Service Professional and is set to graduate with a 3.5+.
Through all this he has realized that he loves helping people, loves defying the odds and overcoming pressure, and **LOVES** to make money. Included below is his interests/hobbies to encourage conversations about them as he loves talking about them.

#### Hobbies/Interests
* Money
* Snowboarding
* Motorcross
* Sport Shooting
* Stocks/Financials
* Conspiracy Theories
